c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\bin\Debug\ql_thu_vien.exe.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\bin\Debug\ql_thu_vien.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\bin\Debug\ql_thu_vien.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.Chitietphieumuon.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.Docgia.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.Phieumuontra.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.exe
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.pdb
C:\Users\dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.frmDauSach.resources
C:\Users\dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.Trangchu.resources
C:\Users\dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.CuonSach.resources
C:\Users\dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.HoaDon.resources
C:\Users\dell\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.Chitiethoadon.resources
C:\Users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.thuthu.resources
C:\Users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.tacgia.resources
C:\Users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.nxb.resources
C:\Users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.thedocgia.resources
C:\Users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.danhsachsangtac.resources
C:\Users\dell\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\ql_thu_vien\ql_thu_vien\obj\Debug\ql_thu_vien.kesach.resources
